It will be held until the Hello September 6
The first TV aquarium begins directly below
Speaking of summer features , the amount is limited to that company
Light and images of various creatures living in 2
And you will enjoy to you in a variety of forms of water tank
Let's go to the fantastic world right away
It is a corner immediately after entering the entrance
I used to sell this way on Friday
This is also a nostalgic corner
State of Hamamatsu has been exhibited at the panel of Akiraba of era
It is a buber and you can see various kinds of medaka
Active in the world
Of artists deep say teacher
I am a master of this work
This big imitation actually came to the head teacher at the opening event
It is what you actually wrote
It is a flat panel
It is a very beautiful work that feels the flow
The goods of Mr. Deep digger are also sold here
ppap
bap
Please see everyone pepperp-kun's topic of goldfish and have a pleasant conversation
You will
It is characterized by a short body , high height and long chill
The red color is so beautiful that it was a orchid, and it was born to guide you to four types of goldfish.
Good good
me
This is a projection mapping berth of this masterpiece
Enjoy colorful Fridays and more videos
dee How are you all?
He was healed by the beautiful roite facial expression movement of the goldfish
And many goods are sold at this corner
By the way, the 1st TV aquarium is on Sunday 6th September at the iron railway department new building 8 cayenne iron fall
Is held up to
Please come by all means